events.md, before:

---
title: Events
layout: page
description: Highlighted Events of Longhorn Riichi, including tournaments and weekly game sessions.
---

# {{ page.title }}

Please join [our Discord server], where we share details and updates about all our events. See [Leaderboard](/leaderboard/) for the seasonal leaderboard and ruleset. We'll introduce some of our regular events in sections below.

# Weekly meetup

![Fall 2023 Meeting Picture](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AIL4fc-LX0Sc-h6LPLjBq3zDfJUPM8ZD9SVF5xD7oHRPK5JJ4PScxKu9cJcX8WXuhEjaWAFJ7UyoqWFLKHbGs7bQdamXHK5vH1JeTUCCl5Au70wHGTwnPzI=w700)

We will be teaching *and* playing at our weekly meetup.

Fall 2023 (until December 3rd): we'll meet in room 2.120 of the [WCP Student Activity Center](https://goo.gl/maps/oQdE96JN4a3atbvZ7) on Sunday 2-4 PM by default. We may continute to play after 4 PM in the same building.

# Weekly online session

Every Friday night, we will be playing in our club's official lobbies on [Mahjong Soul]:
- Yonma Tonpuu: 317134
- Yonma Hanchan: 313043
- Sanma Tonpuu: 627022
- Sanma Hanchan: 334512

We recommend joining the voice channels on [our Discord server] during our online session!

# UTA vs UTD tournament

The "UTA vs UTD" is a special friendly tournament we host during every major break of the UT system, pitting Longhorn Riichi ("UTA") against the UT Dallas Riichi Mahjong Association ("UTD").
- It is a team-based tournament consisting of 2 stages.
- Each stage has multiple tables with 2 players from each team.
- Each table plays 2 games per stage.
- Each player's score contributes to the respective team total.

Here is [the latest ruleset](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fEAlO2yt9cGMqz1cgdEfXbsNulxHll74D5h_M-hKnPU/edit?usp=sharing).
- [Summer 2023 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rvsH9FQVwqV5IE5YJbBqVqPjCJsl6P7E376IQBg4_Pg/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Winter 2023 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YK2B4Mv-31dtxCOUBQ0Ru6SlJ2d2nW8tydEtP77ErHk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Summer 2022 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hz29vIqyktoETFbhjF4pEBodxBX01FwtF5uS8khSLbE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Winter 2022 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/165PUJBiv_ZmCp7N2iewhIBR4dnQgXHfNv-7j-IJnpAc/edit?usp=sharing)

[our Discord server]: {{ site.data.socials.Discord.url }}
[Mahjong Soul]: https://mahjongsoul.yo-star.com/

Commit message:

update with links to workshop

events.md, after:

---
title: Events
layout: page
description: Highlighted Events of Longhorn Riichi, including tournaments and weekly game sessions.
---

# {{ page.title }}

Please join [our Discord server], where we share details and updates about all our events. See [Leaderboard](/leaderboard/) for the seasonal leaderboard and ruleset. We'll introduce some of our regular events in sections below.

# Weekly meetup & workshop

![Fall 2023 Meeting Picture](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AIL4fc-LX0Sc-h6LPLjBq3zDfJUPM8ZD9SVF5xD7oHRPK5JJ4PScxKu9cJcX8WXuhEjaWAFJ7UyoqWFLKHbGs7bQdamXHK5vH1JeTUCCl5Au70wHGTwnPzI=w700)

We will be teaching *and* playing at our weekly meetup.

For Fall 2023 (until December 3rd), we'll meet in room 2.120 of the [WCP Student Activity Center](https://goo.gl/maps/oQdE96JN4a3atbvZ7) on Sunday 2-4 PM by default. We may continute to play after 4 PM in the same building.

Also new to Fall 2023, we are hosting workshops at the start of the weekly meetup! Here are the links to the workshop webpage/slides thus far:

1. [Scoring Workshop](https://peterish.com/riichi-docs/workshop-scoring-hands) by Peter
2. [5-block Theory Workshop](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1saM1aYETWs1ToNofNnsXcZNlr-4bnIrv/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=103585935535825729481&rtpof=true&sd=true) by Bryan
3. [Shanten Workshop 1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nM2XCc7PPhpUsC8wN3cpaP1BGiWvnZm1/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=103585935535825729481&rtpof=true&sd=true) by Dani
4. [Shanten Workshop 2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gg1lRqaQGmkpR4O2pV2_hvai7yOIl1dD/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=103585935535825729481&rtpof=true&sd=true) by Dani
5. [Basic Defense Theory Workshop](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NeuWSqlYFINtj9aDZmjAp0e4DgbZ7ksL3VSSj1GyxVo/edit?usp=sharing) by Peter


# Weekly online session

Every Friday night, we will be playing in our club's official lobbies on [Mahjong Soul]:
- Yonma Tonpuu: 317134
- Yonma Hanchan: 313043
- Sanma Tonpuu: 627022
- Sanma Hanchan: 334512

We recommend joining the voice channels on [our Discord server] during our online session!

# UTA vs UTD tournament

The "UTA vs UTD" is a special friendly tournament we host during every major break of the UT system, pitting Longhorn Riichi ("UTA") against the UT Dallas Riichi Mahjong Association ("UTD").
- It is a team-based tournament consisting of 2 stages.
- Each stage has multiple tables with 2 players from each team.
- Each table plays 2 games per stage.
- Each player's score contributes to the respective team total.

Here is [the latest ruleset](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fEAlO2yt9cGMqz1cgdEfXbsNulxHll74D5h_M-hKnPU/edit?usp=sharing).
- [Summer 2023 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rvsH9FQVwqV5IE5YJbBqVqPjCJsl6P7E376IQBg4_Pg/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Winter 2023 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YK2B4Mv-31dtxCOUBQ0Ru6SlJ2d2nW8tydEtP77ErHk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Summer 2022 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hz29vIqyktoETFbhjF4pEBodxBX01FwtF5uS8khSLbE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Winter 2022 standings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/165PUJBiv_ZmCp7N2iewhIBR4dnQgXHfNv-7j-IJnpAc/edit?usp=sharing)

[our Discord server]: {{ site.data.socials.Discord.url }}
[Mahjong Soul]: https://mahjongsoul.yo-star.com/
